https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3382--ansible/automation changes (#4796)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: applications/ansible_config.adoc

oc apply -f
----

> When the app subscription controller creates prehook and posthook Ansible jobs, if the secret from subscription `spec.hooksecretref` is available, then it is sent to the `AnsibleJob` custom resources `spec.tower_auth_secret` and the `Ansible job` can access the {aap-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the app subscription controller creates prehook and posthook AnsibleJobs, if the secret from subscription `spec.hooksecretref` is available, then it is sent to the `AnsibleJob` custom resources `spec.tower_auth_secret` and the `AnsibleJob` can access the {aap-short}.
```

> When the app subscription controller creates prehook and posthook Ansible jobs, if the secret from subscription `spec.hooksecretref` is available, then it is sent to the `AnsibleJob` custom resources `spec.tower_auth_secret` and the `Ansible job` can access the {aap-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the app subscription controller creates prehook and posthook Ansible jobs, if the secret from subscription `spec.hooksecretref` is available, then it is sent to the `AnsibleJob` custom resources `spec.tower_auth_secret` and the `AnsibleJob` can access the {aap-short}.
```

[#ansible-secret-reconciliation]
== Setting secret reconciliation

> For a main-sub subscription with prehook and posthook `Ansible job`, the main-sub subscription should be reconciled after all prehook and posthook `Ansible job` or main subscription are updated in the Git repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a main-sub subscription with prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob`, the main-sub subscription should be reconciled after all prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` or main subscription are updated in the Git repository. 
```

> Prehook `Ansible job` and the main subscription continuously reconcile and relaunch a new pre `Ansible job` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prehook `AnsibleJob` and the main subscription continuously reconcile and relaunch a new pre `AnsibleJob` instance.
```

> . After the pre `Ansible job` is complete, re-run the main subscription. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After the pre `AnsibleJob` is complete, re-run the main subscription. 
```

> Prehook `Ansible job` and the main subscription continuously reconcile and relaunch a new pre `Ansible job` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prehook `AnsibleJob` and the main subscription continuously reconcile and relaunch a new pre `AnsibleJob` instance.
```

. If there is any specification change in the main subscription, redeploy the subscription. The main subscription status should be updated to align with the redeployment procedure. 
. Reset the hub cluster subscription status to `nil`. The subscription is refreshed along with the subscription deployment on target clusters. 

+
When the deployment is finished on the target cluster, the subscription status on the target cluster is updated to `"subscribed"` or `"failed"`, and is synced to the hub cluster subscription status.

> . After the main subscription is complete, relaunch a new post-`Ansible job` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After the main subscription is complete, relaunch a new post-`AnsibleJob` instance.
```

. Verify that the subscription is updated. See the following output:

- subscription.status == `"subscribed"`
- subscription.status == `"propagated"` with all of the target clusters `"subscribed"`

> When an `AnsibleJob` custom resources is created, A Kubernetes job custom resources is created to launch an {aap-short} job by communicating to the target {aap-short}. When the job is complete, the final status for the job is returned to `Ansible job` `status.Ansible job Result`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `AnsibleJob` custom resources is created, A Kubernetes job custom resources is created to launch an {aap-short} job by communicating to the target {aap-short}. When the job is complete, the final status for the job is returned to `AnsibleJob` `status.AnsibleJob Result`. 
```

*Notes:* 

> The `Ansible job` `status.conditions` is reserved by the {aap-short} Job operator for storing the creation of Kubernetes job result. The `status.conditions` does not reflect the actual {aap-short} job status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AnsibleJob` `status.conditions` is reserved by the {aap-short} Job operator for storing the creation of Kubernetes job result. The `status.conditions` does not reflect the actual {aap-short} job status. 
```

> The subscription controller checks the {aap-short} job status by the `AnsibleJob.status.Ansible job.Result` instead of `AnsibleJob.status.conditions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subscription controller checks the {aap-short} job status by the `AnsibleJob.status.AnsibleJob.Result` instead of `AnsibleJob.status.conditions`.
```

> As previously mentioned in the prehook and posthook `Ansible job` workflow, when the main subscription is updated in Git repository, a new prehook and posthook `Ansible job` instance is created. As a result, one main subscription can link to multiple `Ansible job` instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously mentioned in the prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` workflow, when the main subscription is updated in Git repository, a new prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` instance is created. As a result, one main subscription can link to multiple `AnsibleJob` instances. 
```

> Four fields are defined in `subscription.status.Ansible jobs`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Four fields are defined in `subscription.status.ansiblejobs`:
```

- `lastPrehookJobs`: The most recent prehook Ansible jobs
- `prehookJobsHistory`: All the prehook Ansible jobs history
- `lastPosthookJobs`: The most recent posthook Ansible jobs
- `posthookJobsHistory`: All the posthook Ansible jobs history

[#ansible-sample-yaml]
== Using {aap-short} sample YAML files 

> See the following sample of an `Ansible job` YAML file in a Git prehook and posthook folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following sample of an `AnsibleJob` YAML file in a Git prehook and posthook folder:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tower.ansible.com/v1alpha1

> Kind: AnsibleJob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: AnsibleJob
```

[#workflow-sample-yaml]
== Using {aap-short} sample YAML Workflow

> See the following sample of a Workflow `Ansible job` YAML file in a Git prehook and Git posthook folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following sample of a Workflow `AnsibleJob` YAML file in a Git prehook and Git posthook folder:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tower.ansible.com/v1alpha1

> Kind: AnsibleJob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: AnsibleJob
```
